(Don't) SHUT UP!
To the degree frustration and sense of hopelessness can be amplified, so can empowerment. The louder we are willing to get when things go well or when they do not. So many of us are conditioned to think about our story, our circumstances as ours and ours alone. It is part of the arsenal the alienator uses to keep us feeling small and powerless. They count on the targeted parent to feel like it's not worth it, to give up. There are also some who believe that their story is only of concern to them and the immediate people around them. But our struggles and our successes can actually be of enormous value to others in similar situations when we share more broadly. This can be especially true when dealing with groups or institutions like legal and mental health who, unwittingly or not, enable the alienator to do what he or she does. To the degree frustration and sense of hopelessness can be amplified, so can empowerment. The louder we are willing to get when things go well (meaning the best interests of our children are acted upon) or when things do not. I have been working to get a directory of competent professionals who are properly trained and equipped to help those who need real help in dealing with what is happening to their children and to them. 
CONTACT US WITH INFORMATION ABOUT ATTORNEYS AND MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONALS WHO CAN HELP
If you have been working with an attorney or a mental health professional (or both) who has helped your children keep two parents in their life Please let us know so we can let others know. The more we can connect those who need help with those who can provide it, the more we can slow down and even stop the spread of this pathology to families and all of the future generations that come after. 
CONTACT US WITH INFORMATION ABOUT THOSE WHO CAUSED HARM
On the flip side, if you have had the misfortune of dealing with professionals who have been incompetent or have been enabling alienators to separate children from parents who are able to love and care for them, please help alert other families who may be walking into the same potential trap. 
By applying pressure, the goal is to make it more difficult to do the wrong thing and easier to do the right thing. Any information you send should contain what happened, without slamming or name-calling, but rather providing a factual account. Remember, we want to educate and change, not just punish. We also want to stay focused on the facts to avoid grounds for legal action being taken, something that is very difficult if not impossible to do when recounting things that actually happened. 
We look forward to hearing from youÑhalving the problem and doubling the joy for all of us who need to know about it.
