Wynns Family PsychologyÐEthics Violations Exposed
This particular Google Review is an example of the type of Psychology Practice that enables the Pathogen of Parental Alienation to thrive. Note the hallmark elements of Wynns Family Psychology's behavior: refusal to take in any new information and no proper diagnosis as described in the DSM V. 
My comments about this are: If you are silenced by the cooperation of the legal system and the therapeutic community as was, I would urge you to speak up. 
The Court stopped a lawsuit for negligence from going forward because they would have needed another therapist to verify that they committed malpractice. 
Now, think about that for just a moment. 
How many therapists do you think would do that even if they saw it? It is an example of how the system that has been in place for years makes it almost impossible to do the right thing and very easy to fall in line and perpetuate the cycle of abuse.
If you are in the middle of litigation or for some other reason believe putting yourself out there would be harmful to your child, you may want to wait. This is chess, not checkers. Your ex and their enablers are going off of feelings and short term feeling better. But we are here for the long game: making sure this stops happening to more children.

Wynns Family Psychology Online Google Review:
Horrible.
If you can avoid going here, do so.
My family went through an extremely acrimonious divorce, and by the time all was said and done, the Court found my ex to have been engaging in extreme custodial interference or Parental Alienation.
When directed here by the Court based in continual false allegations of inappropriate touc) I attempted to tell the doctor that there was a case of extreme custodial interference going on and that the interviews with my child would be slanted since my almost non-existent custodial time and their restrictive schedule let the other parent bring the child to every session. ( When a child is being pressured into rejecting the other parent and the alienating one is right outside a doorÑthinking it wouldn't affect results is naive at best) and the course of action they took.
This whole experience drew a horrible experience for my child and me out by almost an additional year during the multi-year custody battle. The Court, upon seeing the final report, immediately sent us to another practice, where a thankfully competent therapist was able to properly identify the issue and FIX it so our child could have two parents in their life.
Even with that info, these people never acknowledged they might have made a mistakeÑso I took them to Court try and stop them from doing this to anyone else.
They won the motion to dismiss because their lawyer kept throwing technicalities out until one stuck. (Cooperation from the legal system. The one that "stuck" was that even though the storyline, which included the disposition and findings of the Court as well as the radical improvement clearly showing what was going on the missing element was another therapist "ratting her out" so it was dismissed.)
In my opinion, this is the worst type of situation; harming a family like this because they wouldn't take any input (which is actually a violation of their professional code of ethics), then refusing to acknowledge any mistakes. We all make them, but refusing to acknowledge them only perpetuates bad behavior. Instead, they used their resources to get out of any responsibility.
If you have a choice, I would currently urge you to GO SOMEWHERE ELSE and SPEAK UP if something bad is happening.
There is an EPIDEMIC of children being cut off from having a relationship with both parents and practices like this just enable it.
P.S. I would love to one day take this down and replace it with a story of how they learned from their mistakes and educated themselves to stop the enabling of needlessly damaged children. After all, the children didn't divorce either parent or caretaker and no one should enable bad behavior.
If nothing else, you can speak up. Your information makes a difference to others. Your silence allows it to continue. If you have to use an assumed name to protect identity, do it. If it happened to you a long time ago, tell the story now.
If you are one of the blessed and lucky ones to get your family back DO IT FOR THE NEXT ONE.
DO YOU HAVE A PRACTICE OR MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL YOU'D LIKE TO SPEAK OUT ABOUT?
Please contact me.
Make sure you follow the guidelines:
Speak to what they did and how you tried to try and help educate.
No bashing or name-calling.
Call out poor behavior with the aim of the public eye helping them potentially reevaluate or decide to change due to public pressure.
Contribute with the goal to make this behavior more difficult than proper behavior.
